Glucometer Utilities
====================

This utility I created for personal needs, as my glucometer's software
can only print the software (to XPS) without a file export option.

While right now only supports my glucometer (LifeScan OneTouch Ultra
2), I've tried designing it so that it can be extended and used for
other models as well.

Development
-----------

The tool is being written keeping in mind that different glucometers,
even if they are all from the same manufacturer, will use different
protocols.

If you want to contribute code, please note that the target language
is Python 3.2, and that the style to follow is for the most part PEP8
compatible.

License
-------
Copyright © 2013 Diego Elio Pettenò <flameeyes@flameeyes.eu>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
